Docs rehaul for v0.8 (#242)
FluxML/Metalhead.jl: docs/src/howto/resnet.md

```julia
resnet18 = Metalhead.resnet(Metalhead.basicblock, [2, 2, 2, 2]; nclasses = 10)
```

Let's try customising this further. Say I want to make a ResNet-50-like model, but with [`StochasticDepth`](https://arxiv.org/abs/1603.09382) to provide even more regularisation, and also a custom pooling layer such as `AdaptiveMeanMaxPool`. Both of these options are provided by Metalhead out of the box, and so we can write:

```julia
using Metalhead: Layers # AdaptiveMeanMaxPool is in the Layers module in Metalhead

custom_resnet = Metalhead.resnet(Metalhead.bottleneck, [3, 4, 6, 3];
                                 pool_layer = Layers.AdaptiveMeanMaxPool((1, 1)),
                                 stochastic_depth_prob = 0.2)
```

To make this a ResNeXt-like model, all we need to do is configure the cardinality and the 
base width:

```julia
custom_resnet = Metalhead.resnet(Metalhead.bottleneck, [3, 4, 6, 3];
                                 cardinality = 32, base_width = 4,
                                 pool_layer = Layers.AdaptiveMeanMaxPool((1, 1)),
                                 stochastic_depth_prob = 0.2)
```

> And we have a custom model, built with minimal effort! The documentation for `Metalhead.resnet` has been written with extensive care and in as much detail as possible to facilitate user ease. However, if you find anything difficult to understand, feel free to open an issue and we will be happy to help you out, and to improve the documentation where necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And we have a custom model, built with minimal effort! The documentation for `Metalhead.resnet` has been written with extensive care and in as much detail as possible to facilitate ease of use. Still, if you find anything difficult to understand, feel free to open an issue and we will be happy to help you out, and to improve the documentation where necessary.
```
